# Alchemy-CLI
The Alchemy CLI implementation. Type. Combine. Discover. 

This program is a unique command line interface (CLI) implementation of the game Little Alchemy produced by the company Recloak. As mentioned, the project is a game and is meant to be a stress reliever for students because it is not difficult to play and requires the user to focus. The basic purpose of the game is to combine items to discover more items such as fire and water to make steam. At the beginning, the user starts with four objects: fire, water, air, and earth, which can eventually be combined to form life, a human, and even unique combinations such as a wizard. On each turn, the player must use their creativity to put two items together, whether they are different or the same. The game currently has more than 500 possible discoveries, but this can easily be expanded for different seasons such as Christmas, Halloween, and others to give users a new challenge. Currently, the design has hidden combinations that reference various objects within Purdue University such as Purdue itself, the Boilermaker Special, and more. Before creating this game, many students were observed to spend countless hours on social media or mind-numbing apps that don’t require the user to put their mental focus towards the task. Alternatively, the CLI implementation of Alchemy requires the user to pay attention to grammatical mistakes and remember the possible combinations that they have tried. Users must also be creative as they do not know what combination will make a new item. This project was implemented to combat the dramatic increase of ingesting lots of content rather than exploring one’s mind and intuition. The CLI Alchemy is very involved and promotes healthy brain activity as the user will only find all the items if they systematically approach the problem and rely on unique combinations. 
